Please read the terms of the following License Agreement before using any of these audio samples.

By using any of these audio samples, you agree to become bound by the terms of the License Agreement.
If you do not agree with the terms of the License Agreement, do not use any of these audio samples.
Les Productions Zvon guarantees that all its samples offered on Les Productions Zvon Web site have been
created and recorded specially by Les Productions Zvon, and any similarity to any other recording is
quite unintentional.

1. The audio samples shall remain the property of Les Productions Zvon and are licensed, not sold, to
you for use on your audio equipment.

2. A right to use the audio samples is granted to the original purchaser (end-user) of the product (the
Licensee) and is NOT transferable. 

3. The Licensee may modify the audio samples. The audio samples may be used for commercial purposes
within musical compositions or soundtracks subject to section 7 below. 

4. This license expressly forbids resale or other distribution of these audio samples, either as they
exist on this Web site, or any modification thereof. You cannot sell, loan, rent, lease, assign or
transfer all or any of the audio samples to another user, or for use in any competitive product or
competitive web site.

5. Licensor will not be responsible if the contents of these samples do not fit the particular purpose
of the Licensee.

6. Provided the particular audio samples have been purchased from Les Productions Zvon Web site or an
authorised distributor's Web site, and from no other source, use of the audio samples in isolation such
as in video game soundtracks or web sites or library music clips (where they appear in isolation or as
stand-alone sound effects) is permitted subject to clauses 1 to 5 above. 

7. For the purposes of creating so called "library music" clips or so called "production music" clips
intended for commercial exploitation, the included audio samples may only be used "in combination" with
other sounds within musical compositions. For example, any rhythm loop samples (which Les Productions 
Zvon regards as being musical clips in themselves) must also be combined with other types of samples or
sounds to effectively form a new composition, rather than simply being looped. If in doubt over this
or any kind of usage, please contact us. 

8. In all cases, the liability of Les Productions Zvon shall never exceed the total monies paid to it
by any one customer.



Disclaimer:

All products, sample sets and software from Les Productions Zvon are provided as is. Les Productions
Zvon do not guarantee in any way that they will meet your requirements. Les Productions Zvon shall not
be liable for any damages whatsoever due to the use or resulting from the use or inability to use their
products.

Under no circumstances shall Les Productions Zvon be liable to you or any other person for any direct,
indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any character including, without being
limited to, damages for loss of profit or goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction,
damage to hearing, damage of speakers and headphones or any and all other health and commercial damages
or losses occasioned by the use or inability to use their products. 

By using the product you accept all the above.


www.lesproductionszvon.com
email: info@lesproductionszvon.com

